# Unit-3HW

Password Generator: 
    In today's web society, unique usernames and passwords are elements that are required by the majority of web platforms and services. Most individuals have already created a username for one web service that they use regularly and many times repeatedly use that specific set of characters for multiple usernames on different websites. However, using the same usernames AND passwords for multple websites and login credentials poses a threat to a users cyper secutity and compromises an individuals privacy. 

    Creating multiple different passwords for a multitude of applications can become difficult especially when the passwords that a user normally cycles through have become exhausted. The "Password Picker" is a web application that aids in the process of creating a randomized password that is secure and unique while fitting the desired criteria for the web application in which the user will use it for. These passwords do not save anywhere on the web to eliminate the possibility of any security breaches and are uniquely created through a series of check boxes that the user selects in order to provide the application with a knowledge of what character types should or should not be included in the desired password. 

    The "Password Picker" password generator allows the user to include or exclude uppercase and/or lowercase letters, numbers and/or special characters depending on what the user would need for a valid and secure password. The password generator also allows the user to select the length of characters for the password starting at 8 characters (shortest) to 128 characters(longest). The reasoning for this range is because typcally, a secure password should be no shorter than 8 characters and most web applications that require login credentials will not allow for a password shorter than 8 characters.
    
    After the desired characters are confirmed via a "confirm" click button, the characters are locked in and the password is ready to be generated via the "generate password" click button. The passwword is then randomized and posted in the text area located in the center of the screen. This password can be copied to a users clipboard to save somewhere on their local machine or written down for later use. If the user happens to make a mistake and "confirm" the incorrect desired characters, the user may click the reset button and start the process from the beginning. Once the user successfully creates their password they can exit the application or reset if they would like a different randomized password or if they happen to need more than one password for different web applications. 


